1.  The Sith Lords are concerned that their recruiting slogan, "Give In to Your Anger," isn't very effective. Darth Vader develops an alternative slogan, "Together We Can Rule the Galaxy." They compare the slogans on two groups of 50 captured droids each. In one group, Emperor Palpatine delivers the "Anger" slogan. In the other, Darth Vader presents the "Together" slogan. 20 droids convert to the Dark Side after hearing Palpatine's slogan, while only 5 droids convert after hearing Vader's. The Sith's data scientist concludes that "Anger" is a more effective slogan and should continue to be used.

  Sampling bias as the droids population is far larger than just 2 sets of 50, but also the context of the study as droids are captured and not free to express their choice of the two existing versions of the Anger slogan about the Dark Side by Emperor Palpatine and Together slogan of Darth Vader.  To correct, both Emperor Palpatine and Darth Vader should broadcast to non - captured droids increase the sample size of a random outcome.   

2.  In the past, the Jedi have had difficulty with public relations. They send two envoys, Jar Jar Binks and Mace Windu, to four friendly and four unfriendly planets respectively, with the goal of promoting favorable feelings toward the Jedi. Upon their return, the envoys learn that Jar Jar was much more effective than Windu: Over 75% of the people surveyed said their attitudes had become more favorable after speaking with Jar Jar, while only 65% said their attitudes had become more favorable after speaking with Windu. This makes Windu angry, because he is sure that he had a better success rate than Jar Jar on every planet. The Jedi 
choose Jar Jar to be their representative in the future.

    Simpson's Paradox or lurking variable problem as there is no trend of the underlying groups, but there is a trend overall.  The 75% by Jar Jar differentiated by the 65% by Windu by 10% can have several non - trending underlying groups whose differentiation is not 10%, but a variety of percentages some of which cause Windu to win.  To correct, re - survey and present demographic data per planet, per cohort that build the so called 75% and 65%. 

3.  A company with work sites in five different countries has sent you data on employee satisfaction rates for workers in Human Resources and workers in Information Technology. Most HR workers are concentrated in three of the countries, while IT workers are equally distributed across worksites. The company requests a report on satisfaction for each job type. You calculate average job satisfaction for HR and for IT and present the report.

    This A/A test of two existing groups, HR and IT is a random split of employee satification rates.  What is satisfication as in compensation, hours worked, the employees you work with or what?  No operation definition has been given to employee satification so the key metric is ambiguous. To correct, remove satisfaction from the survey and deconstruct satisfaction in several aforementioned topics to provide an average of subcategories that can be rolled up into satisfaction. 

4.  When people install the Happy Days Fitness Tracker app, they are asked to "opt in" to a data collection scheme where their level of physical activity data is automatically sent to the company for product research purposes. During your interview with the company, they tell you that the app is very effective because after installing the app, the data show that people's activity levels rise steadily.

    Observer bias of the company interviewers' who are ignoring the people that decide not to opt in.  To correct, survey both opt int and not opt in groups, randomly, to expect the hypothesis of the people's activity levels rise steadily. 

5.  To prevent cheating, a teacher writes three versions of a test. She stacks the three versions together, first all copies of Version A, then all copies of Version B, then all copies of Version C. As students arrive for the exam, each student takes a test. When grading the test, the teacher finds that students who took Version B scored higher than students who took either Version A or Version C. She concludes from this that Version B is easier, and discards it.

    Sampling bias as the teacher should do the same with other classes on the same subject.  To correct, provide the exam versions, A,B and C to others students and see if Version B is indeed easier.

